"Mounam>> Prarthana>> Vishwasam>> Premam>> Seva>> Shanthi..."

"He who does not know food, how can he understand the diseases of man?”
-Hippocrates, the father of medicine.

One person with passion is better than 40 people merely interested
- E.M. Forster

“Efforts are not rewarded; Results are…” – Shiv Khera

"A friend is someone who is there for you when he’d rather be somewhere else..."

"Live well....!!!! It is the greatest revenge for those who avoided and hurted you.........!!!!""

“Everything is funny as long as it is happening to somebody else.” – Will Rogers

"Similarity between Facebook n Jail
.
.
.
.
.
in Both the Cases you Sit 'n Waste time n' Write on Walls.. !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!"

The whole purpose of education is to turn mirrors into windows.
- Sydney J. Harris

I Choose to LoVe U In Ur Loneliness....Cause There No One Owns U.....

If you can see, you can also take pictures. But learning to see may take a long time...

Every photograph is an abstraction from reality.
Most people are more interested in the picture than the image.

I am neither especially clever nor especially gifted. I am only very, very curious.
Albert Einstein

God loved the birds
And invented trees.
Man loved the birds
And invented cages.
-jacques deval

If I have nothing good to say about a person, I will say nothing.- Chuck Norris

അത്യുന്നതമായ ആദർശം +അത്യന്ത നീചമായ ആചാരം = ഭാരതീയ സംസ്കാരം
-ബാലചന്ദ്രൻ ചുള്ളിക്കാട്

How brave a ladybug must be!
Each drop of rain is big as she.
Can you imagine what you'd do,
If raindrops fell as big as you?
~Aileen Fisher

 “I am easily satisfied with the very best.”
- Winston Churchill

“What i like about photographs is that they capture a moment that’s gone forever, impossible to reproduce.” 

Be patient every thing comes to you in the right moment - Buddha

 “Human decency is not derived from religion. It precedes it.”
― Christopher Hitchens

Arsenic and cyanide both occur in nature, but I don't recommend putting them on your breakfast cereal...

The biggest problem encountered while trying to design a system that was completely foolproof,
was, that people tended to underestimate the ingenuity of complete fools.
Douglas Adams

Pain is temporary. It may last a minute, or an hour, or a day, or a year, but eventually it will subside and something else will take its place. If I quit, however, it lasts forever.
-Lance Armstrong

I'd rather be hated for who I am, than loved for who I am not.
- Kurt Cobain

"The only difference between a poor person and a rich person is what they do in their spare time."

"If youth is wasted on the young, then retirement is wasted on the old"


“Educating the mind without educating the heart is no education at all.” - Aristotle 

"All of life's riddles are answered in the movies." - Steve Martin

"Music in the soul can be heard by the universe." - Lao Tzu

If you are lonely when you're alone, you are in bad company. - Jean-Paul Sartre

"I have practiced on my free kicks accuracy since I was a child. I used to stay at least one hour after each training session and practice extra on my free kick accuracy. It's like with everything else, the more pain and sweat, the more you will get".-
Roberto Carlos

No matter how you behave with people around you, they will love you according to their NEED and their MOOD

“There are two kinds of people, those who do the work and those who take the credit. Try to be in the first group; there is less competition there.”

You, yourself, as much as anybody in the entire universe, deserve your love and affection -Buddha

"a little learning is a dangerous thing" - Alexander Pope

“When I don’t make a decision, it’s not that I don’t think about it. I think about it and make a decision not to make a decision.”

"A life not lived for others is not a life."

"Your children are not your children.
They are the sons and daughters of Life's longing for itself.
They come through you but not from you,
And though they are with you yet they belong not to you.
You may give them your love but not your thoughts,
For they have their own thoughts.
You may house their bodies but not their souls,
For their souls dwell in the house of tomorrow"
-Kahlil Gibran

“There are no bad pictures; that's just how your face looks sometimes.”
― Abraham Lincoln

"We make a living by what we get; we make a life by what we give."
             Winston Churchill

"Whenever the balance of the universe is disturbed by external interference from any of its parts, then I reveal Myself as the Power of eternal balancing. For the protection of those who are in harmony, and the rectification of everything disharmonious, I incarnate Myself at every juncture of time."

Regardless of the outcome, it is imperative to remain cheerful.
:Bob Thurman

"...എല്ലാ ചെടികൾക്കും ഒരേ പോലെ വളവും വെള്ളവും വേണമെന്നു പറയുന്നതാണ് സോഷ്യലിസം, അല്ലാതെ എല്ലാ പൂവിനും ഒരേ വാസന വേണം എന്നു പറയുന്നതല്ല...!!"- സഞ്ജയൻ

People learn to Lie at some point.Because Everyone doesn't deserve to know the Truth.

''തീപിടിപ്പിക്കാന്‍ ഉപയോഗിച്ച കമ്പോ കൊള്ളിയോ കത്തിത്തീര്‍ന്നാലും തീ പിന്നെയും വ്യാപിച്ചു കൊണ്ടിരിക്കും .ചിന്തയുടെ അഗ്‌നിബാധയില്‍ ആത്മനാശത്തിന്റെ അംശമുണ്ട് . പക്ഷെ അതിനര്‍ത്ഥം നിങ്ങള്‍ മറ്റുള്ളവരില്‍ പടരുകയാണെന്നോ സ്വയം ഇല്ലാതായിട്ടു മറ്റുള്ളവരില്‍ ജീവിക്കുന്നു എന്നോ ആണ് .അതു നമുക്കു പ്രവചിക്കാന്‍ കഴിയാത്ത കാര്യമാണ് .ശത്രുക്കളില്ലാതെ മരിക്കുന്നവന്‍ ഒന്നും ചെയ്തിട്ടില്ല എന്നാണ് അര്‍ത്ഥം ''
എം.എന്‍. വിജയന്‍

Now this is not the end. It is not even the beginning of the end. But it is, perhaps, the end of the beginning.

Drop the idea of becoming someone, because you are already a masterpiece. You cannot be improved. You have only to come to it, to know it, to realize it.
---Osho

Obstacles don't have to stop you. If you run into a wall, don't turn around and give up. Figure out how to climb it, go through it, or work around it. Michael Jordan

I always find beauty in things that are odd and imperfect - they are much more interesting...

What is the the secret of success? Right decisions. How do you make right decisions? Experience. How do you gain experience? Wrong decisions.

You are loved when you are born...You are loved when you die...In between you have to manage.!!

“If we wish to count lines of code, we should not regard them as 'lines produced' but as 'lines spent.'” – Edger Dijkstra

I don't like to commit myself about heaven and hell - you see, I have friends in both places. - Mark Twain

"The world's biggest power is the youth and beauty of a woman."
- Chanakya

Sex is emotion in motion.
 -- Mae West

"One day you will ask me which is more important? My life or yours? I will say mine and you will walk away not knowing that you are my life."

— Khalil Gibran

“Every day is a revolution, Welcome to the Future.” : Brad Paisley


People are often unreasonable and self-centered. Forgive them anyway.,
If you are kind, people may accuse you of ulterior motives. Be kind anyway.,
If you are honest, people may cheat you. Be honest anyway.,
If you find happiness, people may be jealous. Be happy anyway.,
The good you do today may be forgotten tomorrow. Do good anyway.,
Give the world the best you have and it may never be enough. Give your best anyway.,
For you see, in the end, it is between you and God.
 It was never between you and them anyway.

All the hardest, coldest people you meet were once as soft as water... and that's the tragedy of living.

If at first you dont succeed, you must be a programmer

“You can cut all the flowers but you cannot keep spring from coming.”

 - Pablo Neruda 

Human beings are works in progress that mistakenly think they're finished. - Dan Gilbert

“A revolution is not a bed of roses. A revolution is a struggle between the future and the past.”

 - Fidel Castro 

“There is only one thing that makes a dream impossible to achieve: the fear of failure.” ― Paulo Coelho

Language has a great impact : " Those who speak Rude, Can't sale Honey But Those who speak sweet, Can even sale Chillies..!! "

“Software gets slower faster than hardware gets faster.”

Your past is just a story. And once you realize this, it has no power over you.
Chuck Palahniuk


“Don’t confuse my personality with my attitude. My personality is who I am. My attitude depends on who you are.”
― Frank Ocean

Nature is not mute, it is man who is deaf

Every one is given with 24 hrs its just a matter how we use it...

t is always a much easier task to educate uneducated people than to re-educate the mis-educated.” - Herbert M. Shelton

"A little knowledge that acts is worth infinitely more than much knowledge that is idle."

"The best camera is the one you have with you."

I dream of a world where the truth is what shapes people's politics, rather than politics shaping what people think is true. @neiltyson

"Always forgive your enemies; nothing annoys them so much." -Oscar Wilde

No matter what people tell you, words and ideas can change the world -Robin Williams

    No matter how strong you are, do not raise your hand on anybody. Just because you can, doesn't mean you should
    
    If fight is the only option for you then always give your strongest punch in the first stroke
    
    What you cannot afford to lose, do not lend
    
    Whoever gets angry first loses
    
    Don't let anyone else's problem take a toll over your life. Offer all the support and help you can, but don't let it rub off on you
    
    Don't shirk off responsibilities. Be a man and face them
    
    Till the time you have a roof over your head and food to eat, don't worry too much about money. Chase your dreams instead
    
    Compliment her shoes
    
    if you aren't confident, Fake it. it will come
    
    Buy high quality tools , So you only have to buy them once
    
    Nice guys don't finish late , boring guys do  
    
    Find your passion and figure it out how to get paid for
    
    Women find confidence sexy as hell
    
    Don't follow every advice , it is the cheapest thing available on the  planet Always  trust your instincts 
    
     "If you want to achieve greatness stop asking for permission." --Anonymous

 "Things work out best for those who make the best of how things work out." --John Wooden

 "To live a creative life, we must lose our fear of being wrong." --Anonymous

 "If you are not willing to risk the usual you will have to settle for the ordinary." --Jim Rohn

 "Trust because you are willing to accept the risk, not because it's safe or certain." --Anonymous

 "Take up one idea. Make that one idea your life--think of it, dream of it, live on that idea. Let the brain, muscles, nerves, every part of your body, be full of that idea, and just leave every other idea alone. This is the way to success." --Swami Vivekananda

 "All our dreams can come true if we have the courage to pursue them." --Walt Disney

 "Good things come to people who wait, but better things come to those who go out and get them." --Anonymous

 "If you do what you always did, you will get what you always got." --Anonymous

 "Success is walking from failure to failure with no loss of enthusiasm." --Winston Churchill

 "Just when the caterpillar thought the world was ending, he turned into a butterfly." --Proverb

 "Successful entrepreneurs are givers and not takers of positive energy." --Anonymous

 "Whenever you see a successful person you only see the public glories, never the private sacrifices to reach them." --Vaibhav Shah

 "Opportunities don't happen, you create them." --Chris Grosser

 "Try not to become a person of success, but rather try to become a person of value." --Albert Einstein

 "Great minds discuss ideas; average minds discuss events; small minds discuss people." --Eleanor Roosevelt

 "I have not failed. I've just found 10,000 ways that won't work." --Thomas A. Edison

 "If you don't value your time, neither will others. Stop giving away your time and talents--start charging for it." --Kim Garst

 "A successful man is one who can lay a firm foundation with the bricks others have thrown at him." --David Brinkley

 "No one can make you feel inferior without your consent." --Eleanor Roosevelt

 "The whole secret of a successful life is to find out what is one's destiny to do, and then do it." --Henry Ford

 "If you're going through hell keep going." --Winston Churchill

 "The ones who are crazy enough to think they can change the world, are the ones who do." --Anonymous

 "Don't raise your voice, improve your argument." --Anonymous

 "What seems to us as bitter trials are often blessings in disguise." --Oscar Wilde

 "The meaning of life is to find your gift. The purpose of life is to give it away." --Anonymous

 "The distance between insanity and genius is measured only by success." --Bruce Feirstein

 "When you stop chasing the wrong things, you give the right things a chance to catch you." --Lolly Daskal

 "I believe that the only courage anybody ever needs is the courage to follow your own dreams." --Oprah Winfrey

 "No masterpiece was ever created by a lazy artist." --Anonymous

 "Happiness is a butterfly, which when pursued, is always beyond your grasp, but which, if you will sit down quietly, may alight upon you." --Nathaniel Hawthorne

 "If you can't explain it simply, you don't understand it well enough." --Albert Einstein

 "Blessed are those who can give without remembering and take without forgetting." --Anonymous

 "Do one thing every day that scares you." --Anonymous

 "What's the point of being alive if you don't at least try to do something remarkable." --Anonymous

 "Life is not about finding yourself. Life is about creating yourself." --Lolly Daskal

 "Nothing in the world is more common than unsuccessful people with talent." --Anonymous

 "Knowledge is being aware of what you can do. Wisdom is knowing when not to do it." --Anonymous

 "Your problem isn't the problem. Your reaction is the problem." --Anonymous

 "You can do anything, but not everything. --Anonymous

 "Innovation distinguishes between a leader and a follower." --Steve Jobs

 "There are two types of people who will tell you that you cannot make a difference in this world: those who are afraid to try and those who are afraid you will succeed." --Ray Goforth

 "Thinking should become your capital asset, no matter whatever ups and downs you come across in your life." --A.P.J. Abdul Kalam

 "I find that the harder I work, the more luck I seem to have." --Thomas Jefferson

 "The starting point of all achievement is desire." --Napoleon Hill

 "Success is the sum of small efforts, repeated day-in and day-out." --Robert Collier

 "If you want to achieve excellence, you can get there today. As of this second, quit doing less-than-excellent work." --Thomas J. Watson

 "All progress takes place outside the comfort zone." --Michael John Bobak

 "You may only succeed if you desire succeeding; you may only fail if you do not mind failing." --Philippos

 "Courage is resistance to fear, mastery of fear--not absence of fear." --Mark Twain

 "Only put off until tomorrow what you are willing to die having left undone." --Pablo Picasso

 "People often say that motivation doesn't last. Well, neither does bathing--that's why we recommend it daily." --Zig Ziglar

 "We become what we think about most of the time, and that's the strangest secret." --Earl Nightingale

 "The only place where success comes before work is in the dictionary." --Vidal Sassoon

 "Too many of us are not living our dreams because we are living our fears. " --Les Brown

 "I find that when you have a real interest in life and a curious life, that sleep is not the most important thing." --Martha Stewart

 "It's not what you look at that matters, it's what you see." --Anonymous

 "The road to success and the road to failure are almost exactly the same." --Colin R. Davis

 "The function of leadership is to produce more leaders, not more followers." --Ralph Nader

 "Success is liking yourself, liking what you do, and liking how you do it." --Maya Angelou

 "As we look ahead into the next century, leaders will be those who empower others." --Bill Gates

 "A real entrepreneur is somebody who has no safety net underneath them." --Henry Kravis

 "The first step toward success is taken when you refuse to be a captive of the environment in which you first find yourself." --Mark Caine

 "People who succeed have momentum. The more they succeed, the more they want to succeed, and the more they find a way to succeed. Similarly, when someone is failing, the tendency is to get on a downward spiral that can even become a self-fulfilling prophecy." --Tony Robbins

 "When I dare to be powerful, to use my strength in the service of my vision, then it becomes less and less important whether I am afraid." --Audre Lorde

 "Whenever you find yourself on the side of the majority, it is time to pause and reflect." --Mark Twain

 "The successful warrior is the average man, with laser-like focus." --Bruce Lee

 "There is no traffic jam along the extra mile." --Roger Staubach

 "Develop success from failures. Discouragement and failure are two of the surest stepping stones to success." --Dale Carnegie

 "If you don't design your own life plan, chances are you'll fall into someone else's plan. And guess what they have planned for you? Not much." --Jim Rohn

 "If you genuinely want something, don't wait for it--teach yourself to be impatient." --Gurbaksh Chahal

 "Don't let the fear of losing be greater than the excitement of winning." --Robert Kiyosaki

 "If you want to make a permanent change, stop focusing on the size of your problems and start focusing on the size of you!" --T. Harv Eker

 "You can't connect the dots looking forward; you can only connect them looking backwards. So you have to trust that the dots will somehow connect in your future. You have to trust in something--your gut, destiny, life, karma, whatever. This approach has never let me down, and it has made all the difference in my life." --Steve Jobs

 "Two roads diverged in a wood and I  took the one less traveled by, and that made all the difference." --Robert Frost

 "The number one reason people fail in life is because they listen to their friends, family, and neighbors." --Napoleon Hill

 "The reason most people never reach their goals is that they don't define them, or ever seriously consider them as believable or achievable. Winners can tell you where they are going, what they plan to do along the way, and who will be sharing the adventure with them." --Denis Waitley

 "In my experience, there is only one motivation, and that is desire. No reasons or principle contain it or stand against it." --Jane Smiley

 "Success does not consist in never making mistakes but in never making the same one a second time." --George Bernard Shaw

 "I don't want to get to the end of my life and find that I lived just the length of it. I want to have lived the width of it as well." --Diane Ackerman

 "You must expect great things of yourself before you can do them." --Michael Jordan

 "Motivation is what gets you started. Habit is what keeps you going." --Jim Ryun

 "People rarely succeed unless they have fun in what they are doing." --Dale Carnegie

 "There is no chance, no destiny, no fate, that can hinder or control the firm resolve of a determined soul." --Ella Wheeler Wilcox

 "Our greatest fear should not be of failure but of succeeding at things in life that don't really matter." --Francis Chan

 "You've got to get up every morning with determination if you're going to go to bed with satisfaction." --George Lorimer

 "A goal is not always meant to be reached; it often serves simply as something to aim at." -- Bruce Lee

 "Success is ... knowing your purpose in life, growing to reach your maximum potential, and sowing seeds that benefit others." --John C. Maxwell

 "Be miserable. Or motivate yourself. Whatever has to be done, it's always your choice." --Wayne Dyer

 "To accomplish great things, we must not only act, but also dream, not only plan, but also believe." --Anatole France

 "Most of the important things in the world have been accomplished by people who have kept on trying when there seemed to be no help at all." --Dale Carnegie

 "You measure the size of the accomplishment by the obstacles you had to overcome to reach your goals." --Booker T. Washington

 "Real difficulties can be overcome; it is only the imaginary ones that are unconquerable." --Theodore N. Vail

 "It is better to fail in originality than to succeed in imitation." --Herman Melville

 "What would you do if you weren't afraid." --Spencer Johnson

 "Little minds are tamed and subdued by misfortune; but great minds rise above it." --Washington Irving

 "Failure is the condiment that gives success its flavor." --Truman Capote

 "Don't let what you cannot do interfere with what you can do." --John R. Wooden

 "You may have to fight a battle more than once to win it." --Margaret Thatcher

 "A man can be as great as he wants to be. If you believe in yourself and have the courage, the determination, the dedication, the competitive drive and if you are willing to sacrifice the little things in life and pay the price for the things that are worthwhile, it can be done." --Vince Lombardi
    
"The opposite of talking is not listening. The opposite of talking is waiting." - Fran Lebowitz

“If you don’t like something, change it. If you can’t change it, change your attitude” – Maya Angelou
